Update extract frames guide (#75)
SainsburyWellcomeCentre/crabs-exploration: guides/ExtractFramesCluster.md

   sacct -X -j 3813494,3813184
   ```

>    To check the timelimit of the jobs submitted by user `sminano`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   To check the time limit of the jobs submitted by a user (for example, `sminano`)
```

   ```
   squeue -u sminano --format="%i %P %j %u %T %l %C %S"
   ```

   To cancel a job

   ```
   scancel <jobID>
   ```

---

### Notes:

- When developing a new bash script, it is often a good idea to try each of the steps in an interactive node first!

>   To request a GPU interactive node:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  To request an interactive GPU node:
```
